= Device API

The Device Service defines a set of API to create, monitor and control devices. A device is everything you 
interact with everyday of your life. In the simplest form every device is characterized by a type (e.g dimmer, 
light or alarm) through which the device inherits its properties (e.g status and intensity for a dimmer) and 
functions (e.g. turn on, turn off and set intensity for a dimmer).


== Requirements

Ruby ~> {1.9.2}[www.ruby-lang.org/en/]

Mongodb ~> {1.6.4}[http://www.mongodb.org/].


== Installation

  git clone git://github.com/lelylan/type.git
  bundle install
  rails server


== Usage

Read documentation at http://dev.lelylan.com/device


== Contribute

Fork the repo on github and issue a pull request with your changes. No other means of supplying 
code to the team will be accepted. Provide specs with your pull request if the existing specs 
do not cover the change. Pull requests that provide new functionality without specs will not 
be pulled in under any circumstance.

=== Running specs

Getting set up should require minimal effort

* Fork and clone the repository.
* Run gem install bundler to get the latest for the gemset.
* Run bundle install for dependencies.
* Run bundle exec spec rspec to execute all specs.

The project provides a guard script as well for easy automated testing.  

  bundle exec guard

When running press CTRL + \ to run all tests.

=== Spec guidelines

The following doc[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gi00-wwPaLk5VvoAJhBVNh9Htw4Rwmj-Ut88T4M2MwI/edit?hl=en#]
demonstrates the desired way to write a spec in this project. To maintain the spec consistent, follow 
these rules.

* Use describe blocks for method names.
* Use context blocks for conditions.
* 1 assertion per example block.
* When describing methods, prefix with '#' for instance methods, '.' for class methods.

=== Coding guidelines

* Keep method line counts small and easy to read.
* Do not fear the use of Ruby's tap.
* Provide API documentation in the form of YARD.


== Feedback

Use the {issue tracker}[http://github.com/lelylan/device/issues] for any bug you find and write me 
a {mail}[mailto:andrea.reginato@gmail.com] for any feature idea that can improve the project. Feedback 
is always welcome. Always.


== Links 

* {GIT Repository}[git://github.com/lelylan/device.git]
* {Lelylan Web Site}[http://lelylan.com]
* {Lelylan Device API's}[http://dev.lelylan.com/device]


== Authors

{Andrea Reginato}[flavors.me/andreareginato]


== Thanks to

All passionate about Home Automation and Internet of Things.


== Contributors

See CONTRIBUTORS


== Changelog

See CHANGELOG


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 {Andrea Reginato}[flavors.me/andreareginato]. See LICENSE for details.
